Shelly's dream has always been to move to a big city and hit it big. Although she's nervous, she is dazzled by the bright lights + now that she's landed, she can't help but feel like she made the right choice !
Ruth has been feeling a little burned out at work. She has always been a hard worker, but lately she has been wondering if there is something greater out there for her.
Amadou is just thrilled that the sun has been coming out. He doesn't mind the heat - he's counting down the days until he can make it back down to Boca Raton and sit out by the pool.
No matter how many ants or fruit flies Henry manages to catch, he is somehow still hungry ! He can even eat a whole human-sized sandwich in one setting (as long as there's no mayo).
Molly has lived in the same neighborhood all her life. She makes a point to try to get to know all her new neighbors, although sometimes her friendliness is misconstrued as nosy.
Sherman is in the prime of life now that his kiddos have all fledged and left the nest. He's pretty set in his ways, but that's quite all right with him.
Salvatore knows he's going to write the next Great American Novel. He considers himself a once-in-a-generation artiste, and can usually be found foraging for croissant flakes underneath outdoor coffee shop tables. 
Pinky has a lot of friends from their various travels all over the world. They are very grateful to know all different sorts of people, but they wonder if anyone really truly knows them.
Penny has always been a fun-loving gal, and that did not change one bit when she had chicks. She still loves to party in the treetops, but now she makes sure to fly back down to the birdhouse every so often to check up on her little ones !
Roland has no sense of direction.  Others in his flock say he could get lost in a paper bag.
Ramona could not help herself, sunflower seeds are her favorite food.  She was supposed to make the flight down to Texas today, but she can hardly move, let alone fly.
Kip is a daredevil by nature, he flies in zigzags and sweeping loops.  Watch out below!
Talk about a knock out.  All the birds are flocking towards Florence, mesmerized by her beauty, but she is a bit shy by all the fuss.
Bling is Jessie's middle name - they love foraging for anything reflective, especially paper clips and shiny pennies.
Why is Eric always pulling up the rear?  Is he really that slow, or is he doing that on purpose?
Irene loves to dance in the rain, and just about anywhere for that matter. She flies so gracefully, the air seems to wrap itself around her like a ribbon.
Rudy was quite ingenious. He was able to trick the bigger birds into flying to an island that doesn't actually exist.
Winny says why oh why did God make me this way?  It is just not fair to be so little and not taken seriously…
If Jo Jo had his way, he would just hang around the bird feeder all day and wait for the food to come to him. He's too lazy to hunt, he just snacks on the little bugs that can be found on his home tree.
Sasha vehemently hates squirrels - they always pester her, precisely because they know they'll always get a rise out of her.
Today is the day Alice has decided to kick her chicks out of the nest. She loves her little ones, but she's growing impatient and worries they will never learn to properly fly if she keeps spoiling them.
Roger is a staunch environmentalist. He will ambush and peck furiously at anyone who discards non-recyclable material into the park's recycling bin.
Jack is determined to get to South America in record time. He has flown so fast, he left all of his flock mates behind and didn't even notice !
Carl is so oblivious, he'd run into a window or right into a cat's mouth someday. Birds are supposed to be born with natural instincts, but not this one.
Wanda simply won't stop talking. She chitters and chatters from four in the morning until the sun goes down, never really pausing to ask herself whether anyone is listening.
Helen came up with a brilliant research project to train humans to put seeds in the bird feeder at prespecified intervals. Everyone says she has such a bright future in the sciences
Always getting in trouble and then somehow managing to get out of it again using his charm, Johnny is what one might call a magnificent dumbass.
The world is filled with menacing big creatures out to eat little creatures, but Peep isn't afraid of any of them.
Lorenzo is busy designing the perfect nest. He has exquisite taste in interior design and makes sure it is made with only the finest twigs and spiderwebs.
No matter how many winters she spends up North, Cassandra is always shivering. There are birds cut out for the chill winter air, but not her.  
Petey idolizes his older brother, and really misses him now that he's left the nest to start his own family. Petey is terrified of heights, but knows his brother would tell him to be brave.
Hans is on a mission to try and fly upside-down. Nothing has panned out so far, but he isn't giving up so soon !
It's absolutely ridiculous to Cathy that birds have to fly back and forth and then back forth again, over and over. She detests change and would rather stay put year-round.
Martine loves waking up before dawn just to watch the sunrises.  It's true what they say, the early bird really does get the worm.
Bryant is such a pest, stealing hard-caught worms from his siblings and shoving them all against the walls of the nest. His mom had to give him a stern talking-to about being considerate to others.
Lolly is learning to appreciate her natural beauty, even if she is not as brightly colored as the guys she knows. She may not be the prettiest thing to look at, but she's okay with that.
Harry adores rock 'n roll music, and will perch near the window anytime he hears a faint guitar lick coming from a human's bedroom. He wishes someone would write a rock 'n roll song about him someday.
Luis is a bit of a scatterbrain - he foraged for so many nuts and stored them all away in a safe place, but now he can't remember where…